onboard-a-balloon.md, before:

Slides ideas:

1. The base slide is three quarters of a rectangle, with the top missing.
2. Tape the base to a wall.
3. The top of the left and right sides has a way to hold the missing top as an attachment, so that you can modularly "switch slides".
4. (Possibly the tops of the sides could have a U shape that you can place the top bars into. Kind of like dumbell holders.)
5. You place the top bars in, and dangling from each is the sculpture of what you want on the "screen".


Outline

* Used to be balloon artist
* teaching yourself something new
* flexing muscles you didn't know you had 
* confidence
* knowing that, at least at the start, you don't need to be the best, just good
* impostor syndrome isn't really about what you can do
* it's about what you think other people can do
* and the secret is that they're comparing themselves to everyone else too
* and there's always more things to learn, and you never feel like you've learned enough
* but while there are people who have learned things you haven't yet, there are people who haven't learned things you have
* and you bring things to the table that others wouldn't even think to learn
* there are a lot of skills that balloon art brings to the table
* and there's also a perspective that comes from having built a business for years
* what I love is how people come from different paths to development

* What Balloon Art And Code Have In Common



* Blowing Up Impostor Syndrome
    - I used to be a balloon artist.
    - Teaching yourself something weird and unnatural
        + Shows you that you can teach yourself anything.
        + Made me realize I wanted to do something where I was more talented at.
    - Funny thing is how I faced the same mental block: impostor syndrome.
    - The thing about impostor syndrome is that

Commit message:

finished 1st drat of Blowing Up Impostor Syndrome outline

onboard-a-balloon.md, after:

Slides ideas:

1. The base slide is three quarters of a rectangle, with the top missing.
2. Tape the base to a wall.
3. The top of the left and right sides has a way to hold the missing top as an attachment, so that you can modularly "switch slides".
4. (Possibly the tops of the sides could have a U shape that you can place the top bars into. Kind of like dumbell holders.)
5. You place the top bars in, and dangling from each is the sculpture of what you want on the "screen".


Outline

* Used to be balloon artist
* teaching yourself something new
* flexing muscles you didn't know you had 
* confidence
* knowing that, at least at the start, you don't need to be the best, just good
* impostor syndrome isn't really about what you can do
* it's about what you think other people can do
* and the secret is that they're comparing themselves to everyone else too
* and there's always more things to learn, and you never feel like you've learned enough
* but while there are people who have learned things you haven't yet, there are people who haven't learned things you have
* and you bring things to the table that others wouldn't even think to learn
* there are a lot of skills that balloon art brings to the table
* and there's also a perspective that comes from having built a business for years
* what I love is how people come from different paths to development

* What Balloon Art And Code Have In Common



* Floating away from impostor syndrome.
    - I used to be a balloon artist.
    - Teaching yourself something weird and unnatural
        + Shows you that you can teach yourself anything.
        + Made me realize I wanted to do something where I was more talented at.
    - Funny thing is how I faced the same mental block: impostor syndrome.
    - Impostor syndrome is the fear that someone will soon "figure out" that you don't belong where you are.
    - Three legs to impostor syndrome:
        + comparing yourself to others
        + imagined competition
        + narrowed value concept
    - Once you've popped your impostor syndrome, you can fully embrace the constant learning our engineering career requires.
    - Because you won't be learning because you're scared of people finding out you don't know anything.
    - You'll be learning so that you can build cooler and cooler and cooler things.
    - And then your career can really take off.
    - Because impostor syndrome isn't a stool. You can stand on a stool. They're useful.
    - Impostor syndrome is a weight holding you down. And if you cut yourself free from it... well, then you can reach your ceiling.
    - Thank you for your time.
